React Docs: Update the "Columns" section. (#9752)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/cell-functions/cell-editor.md

```
:::

> ## Declaring a custom editor as a component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Component-based editors
```

You can use React components to create custom editors. To do so, you'll need to create a component compatible with Handsontable's editor class structure. The easiest way to do so is to extend `BaseEditorComponent` - a base editor component exported from `@handsontable/react`.

This will give you a solid base to build on. Note that the editor component needs to tick all of the boxes that a regular editor does, such as defining the `getValue`, `setValue`, `open`, `close`, and `focus` methods, which are abstract in the `BaseEditor`. For more info, check the section on [creating custom editors from scratch](#selecteditor-creating-editor-from-scratch).

> It's also worth noting that by default, the editors in Handsontable will close after clicking on them if the `outsideClickDeselects` option is enabled.

Author: Yup, it is 🙄. But as the editors' DOM elements are not nested under the Handsontable instance's DOM element, they are considered "external", so `outsideClickDeselects` applies to them.

  }

  stopMousedownPropagation(e) {
    e.stopPropagation();
  }

  render() {
    return (
        <div
          style={this.containerStyle}
          ref={this.mainElementRef}
          onMouseDown={this.stopMousedownPropagation}
          id="editorElement"
        >
          <button onClick={this.setLowerCase.bind(this)}>
            {this.state.value.toLowerCase()}
          </button>
          <button onClick={this.setUpperCase.bind(this)}>
            {this.state.value.toUpperCase()}
          </button>
        </div>
    );
  }
}

const data = [
    ['Obrien Fischer'],
    ['Alexandria Gordon'],
    ['John Stafford'],
    ['Regina Waters'],
    ['Kay Bentley'],
    ['Emerson Drake'],
    ['Dean Stapleton']
];

const ExampleComponent = () => {
  return (
    <HotTable 
      data={data}
      rowHeaders={true}
      licenseKey="non-commercial-and-evaluation"
    >
      <HotColumn width={250}>
        {/* add the `hot-editor` attribute to mark the component as a Handsontable editor */}
        <EditorComponent hot-editor />
      </HotColumn>
    </HotTable>
  );
};

ReactDOM.render(<ExampleComponent />, document.getElementById('example1'));
```
:::

::: only-for react

> ## Declaring an editor as a class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Class-based editors
```

  }
}

const ExampleComponent = () => {
  return (
    <HotTable
      id="hot"
      startRows={5}
      columns={[
        {
          editor: CustomEditor
        }
      ]}
      colHeaders={true}
      colWidths={200}
      licenseKey="non-commercial-and-evaluation"
    />
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<ExampleComponent />, document.getElementById('example2'));
```
:::

> ::: tip
> All the sections below describe how to utilize the features available for the Handsontable class-based editors.
> This information is applicable in React when using the non-component editor approach.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip
All the sections below apply to [class-based editors](#class-based-editors), not to [component-based editors](#component-based-editors).
:::
```

If this is true, instead of the note, all those sections should be nested inside the **Declaring an editor as a class** (AKA **Class-based editors**) section.

Author: I wanted to do that, but decreasing the levels of all of those headers messed with the TOC ([I even asked about it on Slack](https://handsoncode.slack.com/archives/C034WPQUG9W/p1659705625483469)).

Should I move it? WDYT?

Reviewer: The right-hand TOC is meant to show 2 levels of headings by design. I'd move it.

Author: @kirszenbaum Done in https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/9752/commits/978e3eff7168b7b2d4b07beded1adb401a5fb32d. 

Additionally, I added `font-size` for the lower-level headers (namely, `H4` and `H5`), so the `H5` headers wouldn't be smaller than the text in the paragraphs below them, which looked pretty ridiculous.
As far as I can tell, there were no `H5`s in any of the articles yet, and the size of `H4` was modified marginally (to give some gradation to the header sizes), so I don't think it should break anything on the other pages.

Reviewer: @jansiegel - looks great, thanks!
